Thank you.
the sun of Buendamar.
With green horizon, green we cry, With
silences of unrelenting green With a green
horizon, crying green With silences of
unrelenting green
The sun is shining sadly Without seeing
that the father has raised his cry 불 합니다
¶¶
¶¶ Here I will return Reincarnation Cycle
of life The cradle of humanity Yes, Lord
The evolution of the earth and of the
people Everything is pending Of our love
Youth deserves something better Than war
and oppression
Thank you.
¶¶
saying is believing but
Thank you.
¶¶
Tomorrow is for the two of us We have to
think about tomorrow and the destination
Thank you.
협kat writesева
Written by two ladies, the following song
is one of the most beautiful piano pieces
I ever played. The name of the composers
are Natalie Cole and Linda Williams. The
name of the song is La Costa.
piano plays softly
guitar solo
Thank you.
piano plays softly